What is the weather like in spring?
Minh isn’t going to Hoi An next week.
How far is it from here to your house?
Go straight ahead and turn right.
Where is the swimming pool?
Nam was in Hanoi last month.
What’s the weather like in Autumn?
They are going to the National Park tomorrow.
What is your name?
I am Lan.
Is this Phong?
How are you today?
We are fine, thank you.
I am Lan and this is Hoa.
Hello, I am Ann.
This is my mom, her name is Mai.
They are eighteen years old.
He is not fine today.
I chatted with my friends yesterday.
Did you play hide and seek last Sunday?
Mai watched cartoons on TV last week.
We had nice food and drink at Mai’s party last Sunday.
What did they do in the part yesterday?
He went to cinema with his parents last night.
She bought a comic at the bookshop last Wednesday.
My school had Sports Festival last Friday.
Hoa swam in the sea yesterday.
I was at Phu Quoc island last holiday.
What is the date today?
It is 26th August.
Let’s look at Unit 2.
I am a student at Le Hong Phong primary school.
Happy birthday to you. This gift is for you.
Are you at school now?
How many lessons do you have today?
He has Vietnamese four times a week.
Do you read books in your free time?
We study the events in the past and present in Vietnam and in the world in history.
You can have this book when you finish it.
I study twice a week with my partner.
Tuan learns English by reading English magazines.
My parents live in a small village in the countryside.
He goes to school except Saturday and Sunday.
My sister is writing a letter.
What subject do you like the most?
His father always gets up at 5.30 every morning.
Where does your mother work?
I was born on 1st, August 1995.
He doesn’t want to play soccer.
Her brother works in the hospital.
Peter stayed at home yesterday.
His favorite sport is table tennis.
They were at the Song festival.
What do you want to be in the future?
When was your son born?
What is the date today?
My uncle works on the farm.
What did they do yesterday?
We are watching TV now.
Lan wants to be a dancer.
Hoa’s father often drinks tea after dinner.
Is Nga’s sister a singer?
They put all the fish in a big bag.
My father usually reads some newspapers before bedtime .
Do you have any books on the shelf?
We need a ten to go camping.
She always wakes up early in the morning.
He found an old watch under the sofa.
What time do you go home after school?
She only eats fruits for breakfast.
Are there any cold drinks in the fridge?
All the student must go to school at 7 o’clock.
My mother is going to do the housework tomorrow.
How many pupils are there in your class?
She didn’t know how to dance.
Which language does he speak?
My mother often goes to work by motorbike.
Does Ben love playing with cats and dogs?
Don’t let children play near the park.
They didn’t buy anything yesterday morning at the supermarket.
Let buy a present for Scarlet’s wedding party.
Why does your father never go fishing?